functionality, leveraging parallel search,
capabilities, intelligent analysis, right?
So instructions, you can
see a whole set
of instructions here. Let's
go ahead and collapse
this to the third
level. Three sections of
instructions. We have our
current working directory with
some information about this
codebase the agent's
operating in. And then
we have agent examples.
All right, so agent
examples are powerful for
letting your agent know
exactly how to respond,
right? So you can
see this is just
a couple back and
forth question answers for
your agent. And this
is always in the
system your agent always
knows how to respond.